# Government vNext

I imagine a world. A world by the people for the people. A world where people listen, discuss, agree, disagree and ultimately can choose. Both individually and as a group. The society that lives in that world is progressive and open. The government that backs that society is adaptible. It's made to evolve freely. However is right in the current moment, facing yet unknown challenges. The rules this society makes up aren't set in stone either. They can morph with the original problems and ideas for which they got created. The existence of physical borders which are free to dynamically change is common sense, if that is what's right during that time. That world is what I am dreaming of for so long and what I am thriving for for the rest of my life.

Governments doesn't have anything. So when they promise something they have to take it from someone else. Governments doesn't produce, they just redistribute what people produce[ยน]. There is, however, a thing that the government and the government only creates. A long-therm investment oppurtunity where a project doesn't have to show any return on investment for decades or event centuries since it's not constrained to the life time of any investors or share holders. Especially from those long therm projects society will ultimately benefit the most. A few examples would be the 1950s and 1960s space race between the USSR and US where ultimately the whole space industry was born from and supplied us with satellite imagery or offshore communications. Another example is war in general, many thechnologies sourced from it. So to takle the big problems, to go for the next frontier, the structure of companies aren't doing it anymore or we need a government which is able to discuss possible projects and investments (of money, labour, time) in the open. Especially with the society that is government by it.

[ยน]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by1OgqQQANg "Partially taken from Joe Rogan Experience #1002 - Peter Schiff"

How do you when paying taxes? Probably a mix of feelings along the lines of "it has to be", annoyed or maybe even anger. But shouldn't paying taxes be more an act of honor? I mean the very idea of a tax is (benath others) to fund the country you are living in. To fund healthcare, education, infrastructure, trash removal, courts, you name it. However, that's not how most people see it. Is see two reasons for this: For once, there is no way to see for what ones funds specifically ended up to get used for. Secondly, as a tax payer, there are no options to choose from how your tax money should be used. And thirdly, I rarely come accross someone who enjoys filling out the yearly RSA form, if it's not for the money you got taxed too much.

There are some possible solutions to this. The subway added a countdown to show how long until the train arrives. With this alone, the wait doesn't get any shorter. But it does remove the uncertanty and improves the information available about ones concerns. The same thing should exist for taxes. A chart, either personally or nation-wide, showing the amount of tax money spent in any given time interval, and on what we spent it. Just as with the subway, we doesn't improve anything about how we spent tax money, but we do improve the available information about our convern.

Secondly, let tax payers vote on how to spend a budget. Or let them spend it themself. [...]

And for the paperwork I can say to get technology for the rescue. When most tax-systems got created, available infrastrucutre and the act of pulling it off in daile life was a big consideration. Maybe even putting together a nation-wide chart. Nowadays this shouldn't be a major roadblock anymore. Paying your taxes should be automatically done with every transaction you or a company does, according to what ever rules the society aggreed on. Putting together a chart should be as simple as pressing a button. And then, we can even cryptographically proof that the correct chart is shown and no one tampered with it.
